KEDR Framework
--------------
KEDR framework provides the tools for runtime analysis (especially, 
verification) of Linux kernel modules, including kernel-mode drivers. 

The tools provided by KEDR operate on a module chosen by the user (target 
module). They monitor kernel function calls made by the module, perform 
fault simulation, etc. This may complement many existing tools for error 
detection, fault simulation, memory checking, etc., that usually operate 
on the Linux kernel as a whole.

The typical usage of KEDR is essentially as follows. The user works with 
the target module as usual or probably runs some specific tests on it. At 
the same time, KEDR tools are monitoring the operation of the module, 
checking if it works correctly, doing fault simulation if requested, 
dumping the data about the actions made by the driver to some kind of a 
trace for future analysis, etc. 

KEDR framework is designed to be easy to extend and build upon. For 
example, the set of kernel functions to be monitored is fully customizable; 
fault simulation scenarios can also be provided and controlled by the user. 
Besides that, KEDR provides an interface to implement custom types of 
analysis via pluggable modules - in addition to call monitoring and fault 
simulation.

Currently, KEDR works on x86 and x86-64 architectures. 

KEDR is free software and is distributed under the terms of GNU General 
Public License Version 2.

See the documentation (doc/html/index.html) for the detailed information
about KEDR framework.

The latest stable version of KEDR as well as the development versions can 
be found at KEDR project site at BerliOS Developer: 
http://developer.berlios.de/projects/kedr/

KEDR is developed at the Institute for System Programming of the Russian 
Academy of Sciences (ISPRAS), http://www.ispras.ru/en/
